
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c  h     i     w  a  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l  i  f  e
-+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c  h     i     w  a  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l  i  f  e
i|iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii  f  e
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c  h     i     w  a  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c  h     i     w  a  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c  h     i     w  a  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
h|hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh     i     w  a  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w  a  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
a|aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n  t     t  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
t|ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt  o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n  t        o     d  o     i  n     l     f  e
e|eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n  t        o     d  o     i  n     l     f   
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n  t        o     d  o     i  n     l     f   
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n  t        o     d  o     i  n     l     f   
i|iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii  n     l     f   
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n  t        o     d  o        n     l     f   
t|ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt        o     d  o        n     l     f   
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i     w     n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
w|wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww     n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
 | t  h  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
h|hhhhh  e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
 | t     e  r  e  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
e|eeeeeeeeeeeeee  '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
 | t     e  r     '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o        n     l     f   
n|nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn     l     f   
 | t     e  r     '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o              l     f   
 | t     e  r     '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o              l     f   
 | t     e  r     '  s     s  o     m  u  c        i           n           o     d  o              l     f   
i|iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii           n           o     d  o              l     f   
 | t     e  r     '  s     s  o     m  u  c                    n           o     d  o              l     f   
'|'''''''''''''''''  s     s  o     m  u  c                    n           o     d  o              l     f   
 | t     e  r        s     s  o     m  u  c                    n           o     d  o              l     f   
m|mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  u  c                    n           o     d  o              l     f   
 | t     e  r        s     s  o        u  c                    n           o     d  o              l     f   
 | t     e  r        s     s  o        u  c                    n           o     d  o              l     f   
 | t     e  r        s     s  o        u  c                    n           o     d  o              l     f   
l|llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll     f   
 | t     e  r        s     s  o        u  c                    n           o     d  o                    f   
o|ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo                    f   
 | t     e  r        s     s  o        u  c                    n           o     d                       f   
s|ssssssssssssssssssssssssss  o        u  c                    n           o     d                       f   
 | t     e  r        s        o        u  c                    n           o     d                       f   
t|tt     e  r        s        o        u  c                    n           o     d                       f   
 |       e  r        s        o        u  c                    n           o     d                       f   
 |       e  r        s        o        u  c                    n           o     d                       f   
 |       e  r        s        o        u  c                    n           o     d                       f   
o|oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo     d                       f   
 |       e  r        s        o        u  c                    n                 d                       f   
r|rrrrrrrrrrr        s        o        u  c                    n                 d                       f   
 |       e           s        o        u  c                    n                 d                       f   
 |       e           s        o        u  c                    n                 d                       f   
 |       e           s        o        u  c                    n                 d                       f   
c|ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc                    n                 d                       f   
 |       e           s        o        u                       n                 d                       f   
o|ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo        u                       n                 d                       f   
 |       e           s                 u                       n                 d                       f   
n|nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn                 d                       f   
 |       e           s                 u                                         d                       f   
f|ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff   
 |       e           s                 u                                         d                           
u|uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu                                         d                           
 |       e           s                                                           d                           
s|ssssssssssssssssssss                                                           d                           
 |       e                                                                       d                           
e|eeeeeeee                                                                       d                           
 |                                                                               d                           
d|dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd                           
