
 | f  a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e  e  k     s  t  a  r  t  s     t  o  d  a  y
-+--------------------------------------------------------------------------
 | f  a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e  e  k     s  t  a  r  t  s     t  o  d  a  y
s|ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss     t  o  d  a  y
 | f  a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e  e  k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d  a  y
a|aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  y
 | f  a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e  e  k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d     y
f|ff  a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e  e  k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e  e  k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d     y
e|eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k     s  t  a  r  t        t  o  d     y
t|tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt  o  d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k     s  t  a  r  t           o  d     y
o|ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo  d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k     s  t  a  r  t              d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k     s  t  a  r  t              d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k     s  t  a  r  t              d     y
s|sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss  t  a  r  t              d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k        t  a  r  t              d     y
a|aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  r  t              d     y
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k        t     r  t              d     y
y|yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k        t     r  t              d      
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k        t     r  t              d      
 |    a  s  h  i  o  n     w  e     k        t     r  t              d      
i|iiiiiiiiiiiiii  o  n     w  e     k        t     r  t              d      
 |    a  s  h     o  n     w  e     k        t     r  t              d      
t|ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt              d      
 |    a  s  h     o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
 |    a  s  h     o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
 |    a  s  h     o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
h|hhhhhhhhhhh     o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
 |    a  s        o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
a|aaaaa  s        o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
 |       s        o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
s|ssssssss        o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
 |                o  n     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
n|nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn     w  e     k        t     r                 d      
 |                o        w  e     k        t     r                 d      
t|tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt     r                 d      
 |                o        w  e     k              r                 d      
 |                o        w  e     k              r                 d      
 |                o        w  e     k              r                 d      
w|wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww  e     k              r                 d      
 |                o           e     k              r                 d      
o|ooooooooooooooooo           e     k              r                 d      
 |                            e     k              r                 d      
r|rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr                 d      
 |                            e     k                                d      
k|kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk                                d      
 |                            e                                      d      
e|eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee                                      d      
 |                                                                   d      
d|dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd      
